Updated README and example projects (#4)
adzerk/audience-ios-objc-sdk: Examples/README.md

# Examples

These two examples projects illustrate how VelocidiSDK can be used in a project. ObjcExample is written in Objective-C and SwiftExample is written in Swift.

> ## Instructions

Reviewer: As discussed offline, can you improve this section?

Author: Check b3fbf26

Setup should be really simple, all that is needed is to open the project with Xcode. After that, run `pod install` and it should be ready to go.

### Capture HTTP events

To see the HTTP events sent by the SDK, have the configuration url's point to `http://localhost:8080` and then run a netcat instance that replies to all request with a `200 OK` response code.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

$ while true; do echo -e 'HTTP/1.1 200 OK\r\n\r\n' | nc -i 1 -l 8080; done
```

> _Netcat has limited functionality and this command will wait 1 second before replying(in order to wait for all data to be transmitted ), so the it might feel a little slugish. You can also use online mock HTTP clients, like [Mocky](https://www.mocky.io/)_ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Netcat has limited functionality and this command will wait 1 second before replying (in order to wait for all data to be transmitted). To overcome this delay you can use any other tool, including online mock HTTP clients like [Mocky](https://www.mocky.io/)._ 
```

Author: I feel like this is saying the same thing just in a different way.

Reviewer: Yes, it is. It is a nitpick of mine (I don't like "it might feel a little slugish"). I don't have strong feelings. However, if you ignore, please fix spacing and spelling:

```suggestion
_Netcat has limited functionality and this command will wait 1 second before replying (in order to wait for all data to be transmitted), so it might feel a little sluggish. You can also use online mock HTTP clients, like [Mocky](https://www.mocky.io/)._ 
```
